doc/README.md, before:

## Process CRSS Results

The following attempts to document the process used in the May CRSS run to compute all 
results. 

**Warning:** the code aggregates data from 30 individual CRSS runs. This can be memory intensive.
The aggregating code was run on a computer with 48GB of memory. There is not guarantee 
that the same aggregating code will work on a PC. 

1. Aggregate necessary data
  1. Append EOCY 2015 elevations from MTOM onto Mead/Powell EOCY elevations
    1. Need to save csv file from the Powell elevations and Mead elevations from the MTOM 
       Ensemble output spreadsheets.
      1. Delete header rows, so that only header row is one that has years in them
      1. Edit column names for Run0-Run2 to correspond to MTOM_Min, MTOM_Max, MTOM_Most
      1. Add in column for other runs, e.g., min, most, max. Only need data for month of I.C.
1. Combine with previous month data (at least for EOCY data)
1. Create figures/tables
  1. provide numbers behind figures, where necessary 
  
  
## Tables and Figures
  
* System conditions table
  * Trim to 5-years for PPT
  * Provide table through 2026 to Modeling Team(s)
* Standard CRSS results
  * Mead/Powell EOCY elevations
  * Percent traces < 3490 
  * Percent traces in Shortage and Surplus
* Critical elevation thresholds
  * Percent traces < 3490 
  * Percent of traces < 1025, 1020, 1000
  * Percent of traces in LB Shortage and Level 3 shortage
* Conditional probabilities
  * P(2016 Short | WY 2016 Rel = 7.48)
  * P(2017 Short (by tier) | WY 2016 Rel = 7.48)
  * P(2017 Short (by tier) | WY 2016 Rel = 8.23) **this is currently coded as chance of upper 
    elevation balancing with 8.23 release [See Issue #4](https://github.com/rabutler/Process-CRSS-Res/issues/4)**
  * P(2017 Short (by tier) | WY 2016 Rel > 8.23)
* Conditions leading to Shortage figure
  * uses data from MTOM

Commit message:

Updated with conditions to shortage figure
* documentation
* additions to main.R that calls the plotting function
* main.R includes the annotation layer which likely needs edits every
month

doc/README.md, after:

## Process CRSS Results

The following attempts to document the process used in the May CRSS run to compute all 
results. 

**Warning:** the code aggregates data from 30 individual CRSS runs. This can be memory intensive.
The aggregating code was run on a computer with 48GB of memory. There is not guarantee 
that the same aggregating code will work on a PC. 

1. Aggregate necessary data
  1. Append EOCY 2015 elevations from MTOM onto Mead/Powell EOCY elevations
    1. Need to save csv file from the Powell elevations and Mead elevations from the MTOM Ensemble output spreadsheets.
      1. Delete header rows, so that only header row is one that has years in them
      1. Edit column names for Run0-Run2 to correspond to MTOM_Min, MTOM_Max, MTOM_Most
      1. Add in column for other runs, e.g., min, most, max. Only need data for month of I.C.
1. Combine with previous month data (at least for EOCY data)
1. Create figures/tables
  1. provide numbers behind figures, where necessary 
  
### The Conditions Leading to A Shortage in 2016
Uses MTOM results to develop this figure. See CRSS_DIR/MTOM/FirstYearCond/XXX.xlsx for example.
1. Copy over Shortage.Shortage Flag, Powell.Pool Elevation, Powell.Outflow, and PowellActualAnnual ReleaseVolume sheets from the MTOM ensemble spreadsheet
1. Sum the Oct-Dec Powell.Outflow for current year
1. Copy the 1981-2010 columns of the Oct-Dec release, WYRelease, Shortage, and Dec Elevation to the appropriate columns in the DataToExport worksheet.
  * The LBPrct sheet should not change aslong as the LB inflows are using 1981-2010
1. Export the DataToExport worksheet to csv file.
1. Code to create the figure is called in main.R, but it is in plotFirstYearShortCond.R
  * **Will likely need to edit the annotation calls in main.R**

## Tables and Figures
  
* System conditions table
  * Trim to 5-years for PPT
  * Provide table through 2026 to Modeling Team(s)
* Standard CRSS results
  * Mead/Powell EOCY elevations
  * Percent traces < 3490 
  * Percent traces in Shortage and Surplus
* Critical elevation thresholds
  * Percent traces < 3490 
  * Percent of traces < 1025, 1020, 1000
  * Percent of traces in LB Shortage and Level 3 shortage
* Conditional probabilities
  * P(2016 Short | WY 2016 Rel = 7.48)
  * P(2017 Short (by tier) | WY 2016 Rel = 7.48)
  * P(2017 Short (by tier) | WY 2016 Rel = 8.23) **this is currently coded as chance of upper 
    elevation balancing with 8.23 release [See Issue #4](https://github.com/rabutler/Process-CRSS-Res/issues/4)**
  * P(2017 Short (by tier) | WY 2016 Rel > 8.23)
* Conditions leading to Shortage figure
  * uses data from MTOM
